README.md, before:

# README-Assist

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description
This project was created so that users can use to generate professional README files. It is a command-line application that runs in the terminal. The user will be prompted for information about their project and then a README file will be generated with the information provided.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Application Sample](#application-sample)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
In order to use this application, you must first clone te repository to your local machine. Once you have done so, you will need to run node index.js in the terminal to begin.

## Usage
This application is used to generate a README file for your project. To use this application, a series of prompts will be shown in the terminal to gather information about your project. Once you provide all of the information, a README file will be generated. See below for a video demonstration of the application.

## Application Sample
[![App Demo](./media/Sample_Usage_Walkthrough.mp4)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14jRCXG4jbYe2a6gF727AKH9pVQ7Jlhwn/view?usp=drive_link)

## Contribution
The following resources were consulted and/or used in the development of this application:
- https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer
- https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba
- https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide
- https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/computer-literacy/video-submission-guide

## License

MIT license was used for this application.

## Questions
For any questions, please contact me at <karina.yukting.li@gmail.com>.
GitHub Profile: https://github.com/karina-yuk

Commit message:

Moved and added files to assets folder. Added sample images and video to README

README.md, after:

# README-Assist

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description
This project was created so that users can use to generate professional README files. It is a command-line application that runs in the terminal. The user will be prompted for information about their project and then a README file will be generated with the information provided.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Application Sample](#application-sample)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
In order to use this application, you must first clone te repository to your local machine. Once you have done so, you will need to run node index.js in the terminal to begin.

## Usage
This application is used to generate a README file for your project. To use this application, a series of prompts will be shown in the terminal to gather information about your project. Once you provide all of the information, a README file will be generated. See below for a video demonstration of the application.

## Application Sample
Sample image of the application:
<img src="./assets/images/READMEsample #1.png" alt="Sample of README file" width="600px">
<img src="./assets/images/READMEsample #2.png" alt="Sample of README file" width="600px">

Click on the link to view a video demonstration of the application:
![sample video](./assets/media/Sample_Usage_Walkthrough.mp4)(https://drive.google.com/file/d/14jRCXG4jbYe2a6gF727AKH9pVQ7Jlhwn/view?usp=drive_link)

## Contribution
The following resources were consulted and/or used in the development of this application:
- https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer
- https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba
- https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide
- https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/computer-literacy/video-submission-guide

## License

MIT license was used for this application.

## Questions
For any questions, please contact me at <karina.yukting.li@gmail.com>.
GitHub Profile: https://github.com/karina-yuk
